fix: resolve non-stable rerenders by producing CI jobs for the intersection of loop vars over all outputs (#2300)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: news/2300-min-ci-support-job.rst

**Added:**

* Added info-level logging statement printing which variables are used to distribute CI jobs. (#2300)

**Changed:**

* <news item>

**Deprecated:**

* <news item>

**Removed:**

* <news item>

**Fixed:**

> * Fixed unstable rerenders in an edge case by producing the smallest number of CI support jobs. (#2300)

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed unstable rerenders in an edge case by using the intersection of top-leve loop vars over all outputs. (#2300)
```
